docs: document AI-Q 2.2 candidate scope (#322)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/aiq-research-assistant: docs/source/customization/knowledge-layer.md

| `opensearch` | `"opensearch"` | External Service | OpenSearch k-NN index | Self-hosted OpenSearch, Amazon OpenSearch Service, or Serverless |

**Local Library Mode** - Everything runs in your Python process. No external services needed.
- **`llamaindex`** - LlamaIndex + ChromaDB. Lightweight, great for development. Works on macOS and Linux.

**External Service Modes** - Connect to deployed services. They require infrastructure but support shared, durable stores.
- **`foundational_rag`** - Connects to [NVIDIA RAG Blueprint](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag) through HTTP.
  - Tested with: **NVIDIA RAG Blueprint `v2.4.0`** (Helm chart `nvidia-blueprint-rag`)
  - [Deployment Guide](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag/blob/main/docs/deploy-docker-self-hosted.md)
  - Backend-specific documentation: `sources/knowledge_layer/src/foundational_rag/README.md`
- **`opensearch`** - Uses one vector index per AI-Q collection with `none`, `basic`, or SigV4 authentication.
  - Supports self-hosted OpenSearch, Amazon OpenSearch Service (`es`), and Amazon OpenSearch Serverless (`aoss`).
  - Can ingest in the local process or dispatch ingestion to Dask workers.

>   - See [Amazon OpenSearch Serverless](../deployment/aws-opensearch-serverless.md) for the AOSS/EKS deployment path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Refer to [Amazon OpenSearch Serverless](../deployment/aws-opensearch-serverless.md) for the AOSS/EKS deployment path.
```
